## User Journey

Tim is an MIT student who currently needs to study for 2 finals, and finish an individual class project. Since trying to come up with a schedule for these tasks by himself has proven to be time consuming, Tim installs Task-mate on his desktop. After creating his account, Tim is taken to the Home Page (Fig. A), where he creates his first schedule by clicking on the (+) icon at the top of the screen next to his profile icon. He then clicks on the EVENTS button and inputs his upcoming events, which are his exams (Fig. B). He clicks on the SUBMIT button, initializing his schedule with time blocks for his exams, saved as "state0" on the history. Then, he clicks on the TASKS button and inputs his tasks of completing the individual group project and studying for his finals (Fig. C). He assigns both tasks with their deadline, expected completion time and a priority level. After that, Tim clicks on the SUBMIT button. Finally, Tim clicks on the GENERATE button so that the LLM-powered app can generate a schedule that fits his needs, saved as "state1" (Fig D.). state1 is a schedule where he has to work on his project starting from 9am on the weekend. Not happy with this, Tim reverts to state0 by clicking on it, and adds a repeating sleeping event for the weekend, that is Tim wakes up on 11am every weekend. After clicking on GENERATE again, the LLM outputs a new schedule where the project is scheduled later in the day. After finishing his projects and studying for his exams, Tim feels happy that he was able to find a good schedule he could follow to complete all of his tasks and events in a timely manner, and feels that his task and time management have improved as a result of using Task-mate.
